Pro change legal personal (#12095)
canonical/ubuntu.com: templates/legal/ubuntu-advantage/personal/index.md

---
wrapper_template: "legal/ubuntu-advantage/personal/_markdown.html"
context:
  title: "Ubuntu Pro - personal, Terms of Service"

>   description: "The terms of service of our Ubuntu Pro - personal service which provides users of Ubuntu Pro with no support on up to five physical or virtual Ubuntu systems for the eligible LTS release. And up to 50 machines for official Ubuntu Community members."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: "The terms of Ubuntu Pro - personal subscription which provides users of Ubuntu with Ubuntu Pro with no support on up to five physical or virtual Ubuntu systems for the eligible LTS release. And up to 50 machines for official Ubuntu Community members."
```

You must be at least 13 years old to use the Service. If you are between age 13 and 18, you confirm that you have your parent's or legal guardian's consent to use the Services and that they have read and agreed to these Terms of Service.

Canonical may update these Terms of Service from time to time in its discretion.

## 2. Service

The Service provides users of Ubuntu with a free subscription to use the Service on up to five physical or virtual Ubuntu systems for the eligible Ubuntu LTS versions as designated by Canonical.

> Details about the Service can be found here:  https://ubuntu.com/legal/ubuntu-pro-description

Reviewer: Has this page been created? The link goes to a 404 page now.
